Happiness is my birthright. I embrace happiness as my setpoint state of being.
I feel joy and contentment at this moment right now.
I awaken in the morning feeling happy and enthusiastic about life.
I can tap into a wellspring of inner happiness anytime I wish.
By allowing myself to be happy, I inspire others to be happy as well.
I have fun with all of my endeavors, even the most mundane.
I look at the world around me and can't help but smile and feel joy.
I find joy and pleasure in the most simple things in life.
I have an active sense of humor and love to share laughter with others.
My heart is overflowing with joy.
I rest in happiness when I go to sleep, knowing all is well in my world.
I expect to be successful in all of my endeavors. Success is my natural state.
I easily find solutions to challenges and roadblocks and move past them quickly.
Mistakes and setbacks are stepping stones to my success because I learn from them.
Every day in every way, I am becoming more and more successful.
I feel successful in my life right now, even as I work toward future success.
I know exactly what I need to do to achieve success.
I see fear as the fuel for my success and take bold action in spite of fear.
I feel powerful, capable, confident, energetic, and on top of the world.
I have an intention for success and know it is a reality awaiting my arrival.
Today I am successful. Tomorrow I will be successful. Every day I am successful.
When I breathe, I inhale confidence and exhale timidity.
I love meeting strangers and approach them with boldness and enthusiasm.
I live in the present and am confident of the future.
My personality exudes confidence. I am bold and outgoing.
I am self-reliant, creative and persistent in whatever I do.
I am energetic and enthusiastic. Confidence is my second nature.
I always attract only the best of circumstances and the best positive people in my life.
I am a problem solver. I focus on solutions and always find the best solution.
I love change and easily adjust myself to new situations.
I am well groomed, healthy and full of confidence. My outer self is matched by my inner well being.
Self-confidence is what I thrive on. Nothing is impossible and life is great.
I face difficult situations with courage and conviction. I always find a way out of such situations.
I always see only the good in others. I attract only positive confident people.
I approve of myself and love myself deeply and completely.
Life is happening in this moment.
I trust myself and know my inner wisdom is my best guide.
I have integrity. I am totally reliable. I do what I say.
I act from a place of personal security.
I fully accept myself and know that I am worthy of great things in life.
I choose to be proud of myself.
I accept and embrace all experiences, even unpleasant ones.
I fill my mind with positive and nourishing thoughts.
My confidence, self-esteem, and inner wisdom are increasing with each day.
My immune system is very strong and can deal with any kind of bacteria, germs, and viruses.
Every cell in my body vibrates with energy and health.
I observe my emotions without getting attached to them.
I nourish my body with healthy food.
All of my body systems are functioning perfectly.
My body is healing, and I feel better and better every day.
I enjoy exercising my body and strengthening my muscles.
With every breath out, I release stress in my body.
I send love and healing to every organ of my body.
I breathe deeply, exercise regularly and feed only good nutritious food to my body.
I pay attention and listen to what my body needs for health and vitality.
I sleep soundly and peacefully and awaken feeling rested and energetic.
I am surrounded by people who encourage and support healthy choices.
My world is a peaceful, loving, and joy-filled place to live.
I sow the seeds of peace wherever I go.
I surround myself with peaceful people.
My work environment is calm and peaceful.
I breathe in peace, I breathe out chaos and disorder.
My home is a peaceful sanctuary where I feel safe and happy.
In all that I say and do, I choose peace.
I release past anger and hurts and fill myself with serenity and peaceful thoughts.
Peace descends all around me now and always.
I send peace from myself into the world.
I respond peacefully in all situations.
I am grounded in the experience of the present moment.
I am focused and engaged in the task at hand.
I am conscious that all is well right now.
I am grateful for this moment and find joy in it.
I am free of anxiety, and a calm inner peace fills my mind and body.
I am fully present in all of my relationships.
I am unique. I feel good about being alive and being me.
I find deep inner peace within myself as I am.
I am completely pain-free, and my body is full of energy.
Every day I am more and more at ease.
I am in the present moment and release the past to live fully now
Calmness washes over me with every deep breath I take.
I meditate easily without resistance or anxiety.
Being calm and relaxed energizes my whole being.
All the muscles in my body are releasing and relaxing.
All negativity and stress are evaporating from my body and my mind.
I breathe in relaxation. I breathe out stress.
Even when there is chaos around me, I remain calm and centered.
I transcend stress of any kind. I live in peace.
I gently and easily return to the present moment.
All is well in my world. I am calm, happy, and content.
I am abundant.
I have everything I need in life.
I deserve everything I want.
I am a magnet for success.
Each day of my life is filled with abundance.
I am grateful for the amount of abundance I have.
I am attracting money and wealth into my environment.
I have enough of everything I need.
Prosperity flows through every aspect of my life.
The universe will provide for me.
I attract an abundance of wealth and opportunity.
Every part of my life is filled with prosperity.
I am excited to start the day.
Today is a beautiful day.
I am happy and full of joy.
I attract abundance and wonderful things.
I am surrounded by beautiful people.
Nothing will stand in my way of having a great day.
I am grateful for all of the wonderful things in my life.
Thank you for blessing me with good health.
My heart is filled with love and joy.
I radiate positive energy to all of those around me.
I am excited to start the day.
Today is a beautiful day.
I am happy and full of joy.
I attract abundance and wonderful things.
I am surrounded by beautiful people.
Nothing will stand in my way of having a great day.
I am grateful for all of the wonderful things in my life.
Thank you for blessing me with good health.
My heart is filled with love and joy.
I radiate positive energy to all of those around me.
I am grateful for my good health.
My body is healthy and strong.
I eat healthy foods each and every day.
My mind and body is filled with positive energy.
I have an abundance of energy.
I deserve to be healthy and happy.
Each day of my life is filled with vibrant health.
My mind and body is a sacred temple.
My body is filled with vitality and good health.
I am whole and my body is healed.
I am loved.
I am confident.
I am healthy.
I am courageous.
I am empowered.
I am fulfilled.
I am happy.
I am kind.
I am giving.
I am compassionate.
I am a good friend.
I am a good person.
I am strong.
I am bold.
I am brave.
I am powerful.
I am resilient.
I am in control of my life.
I believe in myself.
I love to learn new things.
I am healthy and happy.
I love making new friends.
I deserve good things to happen in my life.
I have the confidence to be myself.
My life is fun and filled with joy.
I am smart and make good choices.
Each day I look forward to taking on a new adventure.
I am grateful for my friends and family.
It’s okay if I make mistakes and am not perfect.
I can do anything I set my mind to.
I am proud of the person I am becoming.
I am happy to be alive.
I am ready to start the day.
Today is a great day.
I am in charge of my life.
I have the power to create my reality.
I am full of energy, love, and joy.
I am a magnet for good things in my life.
I am at peace and ready to have a good day.
Everything is happening perfectly for me.
Nothing can stop me from having an amazing day.
I see the good in every person.
I can handle anything that comes my way.
I welcome good things to happen in my life today.
No matter what happens today, I will stay positive and upbeat.
I am in control of my future and will succeed.
Nothing will stop me from creating success.
I deserve to be successful and happy.
I am grateful for the amount of success in my life.
I am attracting great success and prosperity.
Everything I do becomes a great success.
I am inspired and motivated to achieve everything my heart desires.
I am accomplishing great things.
I am achieving my goals and becoming successful.
Every day is filled with new opportunities for me to become successful at.
Everything is happening perfectly in my life.
I am a magnet for abundance and success.
I am committed to having great things happen in my life.
I am an accomplished and successful person.
I am in control of my thoughts.
I always focus on the positive.
My mind is full of positive images.
I can turn any negative situation into a positive one.
Nothing will get in my way of thinking good thoughts.
Thinking positively comes natural to me.
I am optimistic about my future.
I feel great right now.
My mind and heart is full of joy.
I am in control of how I feel.
I choose to feel good in every moment.
I am drawn to positive people and situations.
I am radiating positive thoughts and vibes.
Life is beautiful.
I am in control of my future.
I am capable of great things.
I love solving problems and overcoming challenges.
My voice matters and I make a difference at work.
Every day I am getting better at what I do.
People appreciate me for the work I do.
I am attracting great opportunities into my life.
I am excited to do good work today.
I am proud to be a part of something special.
I am strong and courageous.
I am responsible for my own life.
I create my own path.
I am capable of manifesting love, happiness and joy.
I deserve good things.
I have the ability to do great things.
I have the power to change anything in my life that I don`t like.
I am full of confidence and everyone around me can feel that.
I have the confidence to do anything I set my mind to.
My confidence is what drives me the most.
Every day I am becoming more and more confident.
My strength lies in my confidence.
I learn from my mistakes, which are leading me closer to achieving my goals.
I believe in my skills and abilities.
I have a strong will and I can do anything I put my mind to.
I choose to feel good in every situation.
I am ready and open to receiving good things in my life.
I practice feeling good every day.
I commit myself entirely to feeling good.
I am surrounded by wonderful things and people.
I am excited to be alive.
I am grateful for the good energy flowing through me.
I am ready and willing to receive all gifts that life has to offer.
I am stronger than any of my negative life circumstances.
I can face anything that confronts me.
I am capable of handling anything that comes my way.
I have the courage to try new things.
I am ready to start a new chapter in my life.
I act from a place of courage, not fear.
My inner strength is invincible.
I let go of my past fears and embrace anything that life unfolds for me.
I always succeed in achieving my goals.
I strongly believe in my abilities to do anything.
I am good enough and worthy.
I attract people who uplift me and believe in me.
I learn to trust myself more ever day.
I believe in my skills and abilities.
Kindness and boldness are perfectly balanced in me.
Courage accompanies me everywhere I go.
I can do anything I set my mind to.
Nothing will stand in my way of accomplishing my goals.
My mind is strong and disciplined.
I am bold and outgoing.
I am a valuable person.
My view on life is positive and I express it in all circumstances.
When I breath, I inhale confidence and exhale timidity.
My personality exudes confidence.
I communicate with ease and confidence.
I can clearly state my needs.
My truth is easily heard in every situation.
I have the courage to confront anything that doesn’t feel right for me.
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. – Eleanor Roosevelt
A barrier is a limitation only when you perceive it as one. ― Stephen Richards
Scared is what you’re feeling. Brave is what you’re doing. ― Emma Donoghue
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. ― E.E. Cummings
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. – Muhammad Ali
Stop giving people the power to steal your peace. It belongs to you and no one should be able to run away with it. – A. Elle
You were put on this earth to achieve your greatest self, to live out your purpose, and to do it courageously. – Steve Maraboli
The only person you are destined to become is the person you decide to be. – Ralph Waldo Emerson
Don’t be afraid of your fears. They’re not there to scare you. They’re there to let you know that something is worth it. ― C. JoyBell C.
Never be bullied into silence. Never allow yourself to be made a victim. Accept no one’s definition of your life, but define yourself. – Harvey Fierstein
Courage isn’t having the strength to go on – it is going on when you don’t have strength. ― Napoleon
Discipline is the thing that makes you do what you might not want to, but you do it anyway because it’s what you have to do in order to get what you want or desire. ― Kyle Vidrine
Never limit yourself to what you can’t do, but to what you have the power to do with what you have. – Nadège Richards
Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts. ― Winston S. Churchill
You are perfect as you are and there is always room for improvement. – Shunryu Suzuki
I can get through anything.
There are no problems, only challenges.
I welcome challenges into my life.
Challenges are opportunities to learn and grow.
I am safe and secure no matter what.
I can get through anything.
I am getting stronger everyday.
I am a strong and capable person.
I can get through anything in my life.
Hard times do not get the best of me.
I have the ability to overcome any obstacle.
I release all negative emotions from the day.
I let go of any stress and anxiety from today.
I will learn what I need to from today which will make me a stronger person.
I know that life is not meant to be easy.
Tomorrow is a brand new day.
I am a strong person.
I can solve any problem.
I will not let fear take control of me.
I can and will survive anything life throws at me.
I have the strength and courage to get through any situation.
I welcome challenges into my life.
I am ready to become the best version of myself.
I release all negativity from my life.
I am filled with joy and ease right now.
I don’t have to have this all solved today.
I am doing what I can with the knowledge and skills I have to survive this.
When I have done all I know how to do, I choose to let my mind rest.
I welcome fear as a sign to be careful, but choose to let go of it when it no longer serves me.
I am doing the best I can, and thus choose to release myself from guilt and shame.
I am slowly becoming the kind of person who can survive this storm.
When circumstances change, I will feel all the more grateful for what I have.
I am not a failure, but a survivor. I am daily in the process of surviving.
My commitment to showing up tomorrow overshadows the mistakes I have made.
I am holding on in the dark to what I know to be true in the light, in better times.
I am not the only one to have faced this sort of trauma, and I will not be the last.
I am flexible and can adapt when life doesn’t go according to plan.
Courage does not mean having no fear of danger, but facing the danger despite that fear.
Life’s problems are not solved by perfect people, but by those who show up. I am someone who shows up.
I know when to persevere along a path and when to let go and change course.
I don’t have to go this road alone. I have, or can find, people in my life and examples to support and inspire me.
I am worthy of love and my life is meaningful despite my losses.
Life is full of constant change. My pain, though very real, will not be as acute forever.
This is just one chapter in my life’s story.
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it. – Dennis P. Kimbro
There are no mistakes, only lessons. Growth is a process of trial and error.
You must do the thing you think you cannot do. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Whatever is worrying you right now, forget about it. Take a deep breath, stay positive and know that things will get better.
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out. – unknown
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t. – Rikki Rogers
No matter how hard times may get, always hold your head up and be strong; show them you’re not as weak as they think you are.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. – Helen Keller
Be faithful in the small things because it is in them that your strength lies. – Mother Theresa
I believe if you keep your faith, you keep your trust, you keep the right attitude, if you’re grateful, you’ll see God open up new doors. – Joel Osteen
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
Good things come to those who believe. Better things come to those who are patient. The best things come to those who never give up.
It’s okay to be scared. Being scared means you’re about to do something really, really brave.
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results. – Willie Nelson
Anyone can give up, it’s the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that’s true strength.
The best way to gain self-confidence is to do what you are afraid to do. – Swati Sharma
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end. ― Roy T. Bennett
You have one of two choices right now: give up or keep going. One will make you great and the other won’t. Which do you prefer?
Tough people are not born. They’re made when there’s no one there to dry their tears.
Don’t be afraid to start over. It’s a brand new opportunity to rebuild what you truly want.
Challenges and obstacles are a part of life. They make us stronger and build character. If life were easy it would be boring and you would never grow.
Life can be a scary but fun rollercoaster ride: filled with ups and downs, twist and turns, and you might get dizzy or throw up. But in the end, you will always return safe and sound.
Remind yourself every day: I am in charge of my happiness. I will not let anything outside of myself control me. I am creating a life that feels good on the inside and it will turn into experiences that are good on the outside.
I know I can achieve anything
Nothing will stand in my way of succeeding
Great things are coming my way
I am happy about the future
I am filled with strength and courage
I choose to find the positive in any situation
I progress in the right direction and pattern
The past is gone, I choose to focus the life ahead
I walk in abundance and increase in abundance
My steps are ordered aright
There is always a way for me
I set my heart towards possibilities
I choose to remain positive
I take responsibility and stay creative
I choose to always think constructively
I am coordinated and organized
I am kind and compassionate
I am driven and powered from inside-outside
I embrace change at all times
Whatever I set to achieve, I behold it.
I am powerful and well equipped to reach my goals
I am unstoppable and unlimited, that’s just me
I can make everything around me work perfectly
I confidently triumph as a champion
I am a seed, able to produce unique fruits
I have what it takes to start strong
I am competent and reliable
Life has more treasures to offer
I am few meters to the end of the tunnel
I am a success, I aim at success
I choose to be zealous and passionate
I aim at the finish line
I have seen and conquered a lot to compromise now
The way out of that pain is in that pain
I choose dominion
I reach out for the best in all
I create new realities for myself
I am fortified to stand and win always
I learn and grow in all phase
I am a conquerer, I see victory always
I am stronger than my imaginations
I live to overcome and dominate
I can solve any problem
I am strong enough to get through
I control my thoughts and think through
A problem is a chance for you to do your best. – Duke Ellington
Everything that is done in this world is done by hope. – Martin Luther
The worst enemy to creativity is self-doubt. ― Sylvia Plath
Once you choose hope, anything’s possible. – Christopher Reeve
Tough people are not born. They’re made when there’s no one there to dry their tears.
The harder the struggle, the more glorious the triumph.
Hope is being able to see that there is light despite all of the darkness. – Desmond Tutu
Hope never abandons you, you abandon it. – George Weinberg
Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall. – Confucius
Strength isn’t about how much you can handle before you break. It’s about how much you can endure after you’ve been broken.
Optimism is the faith that leads to achievement. Nothing can be done without hope and confidence. – Helen Keller
I find hope in the darkest of days, and focus in the brightest. I do not judge the universe. – Dalai Lama
Anyone can give up, it’s the easiest thing in the world to do. But to hold it together when everyone else would understand if you fell apart, that’s true strength.
Believe in yourself! Have faith in your abilities! Without a humble but reasonable confidence in your own powers you cannot be successful or happy. – Norman Vincent Peale
By seizing the opportunities that disruption presents and leveraging hard times into greater success through outworking, out innovating, and outthinking everyone around you, this just might be the richest time of your life so far. – Robin S. Sharma
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
When sore trials come upon us, it’s time to deepen our faith in God, to work hard, and to serve others. Then He will heal our broken hearts. He will bestow upon us personal peace and comfort. – Russell M. Nelson
Whenever you find yourself doubting how far you can go, just remember how far you have come. Remember everything you have faced, all the battles you have won, and all the fears you have overcome.
Don’t be afraid of your fears. They’re not there to scare you. They’re there to let you know that something is worth it. ― C. JoyBell C.
The most beautiful people we have known are those who known defeat, known suffering, known struggle, known loss, and have found their way out of the depths. These persons have an appreciation, a sensitivity, and an understanding of life that fills them with compassion, gentleness, and a deep loving concern. Beautiful people do not just happen. – Elisabeth Kubler Ros
I let go of fear, doubt and guilt.
I release destructive patterns.
I abandon thoughts that no longer serve me.
I let go of all negativity.
I feel my negative thoughts slowly melting away.
I acknowledge my thoughts and let them go.
I release thoughts which don`t make me grow.
I am gentle with myself.
I accept myself for who I am.
I can do anything I want.
I am worthy of love and appreciation.
I am intelligent and make good decisions.
I can trust my inner intuition.
I am good, kind and lovable.
I deserve to be successful.
I focus on the good things in my life.
I am grateful for the abundance I have.
I am thankful for my health and success.
I choose to see the good in people.
I commit to finding joy and happiness.
Focusing on the positive is easy for me.
I focus on the things I can change.
I have the power to control my thoughts.
I choose to stop thinking too much.
I am overcoming obsessive thinking.
I can quiet my mind.
I release any inaccurate thoughts.
I can let go of any painful thoughts.
I have a strong discipline and willpower.
Never let your fear decide your future.
Keep your face to the sunshine and you cannot see a shadow. — Helen Keller
Focus on yourself. Don’t worry about what other people think.
Whatever you hold in your mind on a consistent basis is exactly what you will experience in your life. ― Tony Robbins
Once you replace negative thoughts with positive ones, you’ll start having positive results. – Willie Nelson
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out. – unknown
Free yourself from your past mistakes, by forgiving yourself for what you have done or went through. Every day is another chance to start over.
Your mind is a powerful thing. When you fill it with positive thoughts, your life will start to change.
Believing in negative thoughts is the single greatest obstruction to success. ― Charles F. Glassman
Stay positive, all other choices are pointless punishments to your psyche. – Joe Peterson
Optimism is a happiness magnet. If you stay positive, good things and good people will be drawn to you. – Mary Lou Retton
Don’t be afraid of your fears. They’re not there to scare you. They’re there to let you know that something is worth it. – C. JoyBell C.
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you’re going to live your life. —Joel Osteen
Attitude is a choice. Happiness is a choice. Optimism is a choice. Kindness is a choice. Giving is a choice. Respect is a choice. Whatever choice you make makes you. Choose wisely. ― Roy T. Bennett
Your mind is a ship; it can sail across the universe as long as you don’t allow negative thoughts to sink it. ― Matshona Dhliwayo
It takes but one positive thought when given a chance to survive and thrive to overpower an entire army of negative thoughts. – Robert H. Schuller
A positive attitude causes a chain reaction of positive thoughts, events, and outcomes. It is a catalyst, and it sparks extraordinary results. Wade Boggs
Challenges are what make life interesting. Overcoming them is what makes them meaningful.
The fears we don’t face become our limits. – Robin Sharma
I feel inner peace throughout my body.
I feel calm and at peace in every moment of my life.
Life is simple, easy, and effortless.
I am in harmony with my life.
Life works for me.
I am in control of my life and emotions.
I am at peace and harmony with everyone and everything.
I can add value to any conversation.
I love meeting new people.
I am bold and confident.
My voice and opinion matters.
I enjoy being in large crowds of people.
People enjoy my company.
No matter what happens on the outside, I am at peace on the inside.
Being calm and at peace is part of my nature.
Rather than feeling anxious, I focus my energy on my dreams and goals.
I harness the surplus of energy I have and focus it on my goals.
I am relaxed, happy, and free from worry.
I transform anxiety into curiosity on my way to joy.
Each exhalation I take calms my nerves and brings ease to my body and mind.
I exhale anxiety and inhale joy.
Curiosity trumps anxiety. Remain curious.
I have the choice to be free of worry and anxiety.
Curiosity is the natural antidote for anxiety. I choose to remain curious.
I choose to be calm, clear, and focused even in times of stress.
My mind is always in a state of peace and serenity.
Rather than anxiety, I choose curiosity on my journey back to joy.
I recognize anxiety for what it is and I choose to be free of worry. This is my preference.
I cultivate life-affirming tools to harness my energy and re-focus on my joy.
I breath in calm and breath out peace. I breath in calm and breath out love. I breath in calm and breath out joy.
I am free of anxiety and worry.
Rather than feeling anxious I focus my compass on my life vision and take action steps towards manifesting my dreams.
When I feel anxious, I choose instead, curiosity. This choice calms me and bring me ease.
My preference is to choose curiosity when I feel anxious.
My mind is both curious and joyful.
Living in a state of curiosity and child-like wonder brings me peace of mind.
‘Aint nobody got time for anxiety. I choose joy.
Life is too good to waste on being anxious and worried.
I release all my worries and doubts.
I am full of joy and peace.
I love myself too much to live a life filled with fear and worry.
Steadiness and ease are my natural states.
Everything in my life is happening perfectly.
Everything is going to be okay.
I am doing a good job.
My company appreciates me.
I am good at what I do.
I trust in my abilities.
Everything will be done in time.
No one is out to get me.
I love my life.
I trust people around me.
Everything in my life is okay.
There is nothing to be afraid of.
I am confident and secure with myself.
My mind is still and quiet.
Remain calm, serene, always in command of yourself. You will then find out how easy it is to get along. – Paramahansa Yogananda
Never let your fear decide your fate.
Life is ten percent what you experience and ninety percent how you respond to it. ― Dorothy M. Neddermeyer
Anxiety’s like a rocking chair. It gives you something to do, but it doesn’t get you very far. – Jodi Picoult
Health is a state of body. Wellness is a state of being. – J. Standord
You don’t have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you. – Dan Millman
Love yourself enough to live a healthy lifestyle.
Peace is the result of retraining your mind to process life as it is, rather than as you think it should be. – Wayne W. Dyer
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that you will be okay no matter how things turn out. – unknown
If you want to conquer the anxiety of life, live in the moment, live in the breath. ― Amit Ray
Every time you are tempted to react in the same old way, ask if you want to be a prisoner of the past or a pioneer of the future. – Deepak Chopra
With everything that has happened to you, you can either feel sorry for yourself or treat what has happened as a gift. Everything is either an opportunity to grow or an obstacle to keep you from growing. You get to choose. – Dr. Wayne W Dyer
Stop a minute, right where you are. Relax your shoulders, shake your head and spine like a dog shaking off cold water. Tell that imperious voice in your head to be still. – Barbara Kingsolver
I love and accept myself.
I release all negative energy that is holding me back.
I allow myself to take some time off.
I feel joy and ease in this very moment.
I am comfortable and satisfied with myself.
I am stress and worry free.
I am surrounded by peace and quiet.
My mind is quiet and stress free.
My body feels calm and light.
I am at peace with myself and the world around me.
Nothing stands in my way of feeling calm and at peace.
Life is beautiful and calm.
My breath is slow and relaxed.
Everything is well in this moment.
I am calm and relaxed right now.
My life is at peace in this very moment.
I am surrounded by good and supportive people in my life.
Around me there is an endless pool of peace, harmony and calmness.
I am completely relaxed, calm and safe in this moment.
Right now, everything works perfectly for me.
I choose to feel and think positive about the situation I am faced with.
I am letting go of all tension and stress.
My breath is calm and relaxed and I am at peace.
I am safe and secure and everyone around me wishes me good.
My stress and anxiety is slowly going away.
I am ready to release all the anxiety and stress right now.
I let go of all the things that don`t serve me anymore.
I learn to love myself more and more each day.
I love the person I am becoming.
I love every aspect of myself.
I go easy on myself in any situation.
I am worthy of love and take the time to do self-love rituals.
All my worries and problems are melting away.
I am calm, peaceful and centered.
Each day I am practicing to be more and more relaxed.
Being calm and relaxed is my priority now.
I choose to be relaxed in any situation.
I welcome challenges into my life.
I will face my fears head on.
Nothing will stop me from living my life.
I am a brave soul.
I have the audacity to live a bold life.
I can do anything I want in life.
I am fearless.
I am strong.
I can do anything.
Nothing scares me.
Every day I inhale courage and exhale fear.
I’m not afraid to face my deepest fears.
I release my fear of change.
I understand that fears are a false construct of my mind and there really is nothing to fear in life.
I’m not a victim in life.
I can handle anything life throws at me.
I am in control of my emotions.
I am calm and centered.
I do not take things personally
I stay positive in all circumstances.
When I feel hurt by others I am able to stand up for myself without getting over emotional.
I have the courage to let my guard down and be vulnerable with others without fear and embarrassment.
It’s ok to cry. Sadness is part of life and everyone experiences it.
I am focused and disciplined.
I have strong willpower.
I can think clearly and solve problems.
I have the courage to stand up for my beliefs.
I make good choices for myself.
I like to listen and stay calm in discussions.
I am able to speak my mind with ease and express my personal opinions.
My mind is clear and sharp.
I am a strong human being.
My body is capable of lifting heavy weights.
I am fit and healthy.
Every day I am building strong muscle.
I am fueling my muscles with healthy foods.
My muscles and bones are strong.
I keep my body fit and healthy with exercise and diet.
I am free of disease and illness.
I am at peace.
I am grounded.
I am calm and centered.
My life unfolds perfectly.
Everything is as it should be.
I am developing into a more daring and courageous person each day.
I am ready and prepared for anything that life throws my way.
It’s ok to have doubt sometimes. It does not define who I am.
I am always striving to be the best version of myself.
I am a powerful being that can do anything I put my mind to.
I choose not to believe the self deprecating thoughts about myself.
Courage is one step ahead of fear. – Coleman Young
Life shrinks or expands in proportion to one’s courage. ― Anaïs Nin
Courage is like a muscle. We strengthen it by use.
The pain you feel today is the strength you feel tomorrow.
Scared is what you’re feeling. Brave is what you’re doing. ― Emma Donoghue
Courage is the commitment to begin with no guarantee of success. – Johann Wolfgang von Goethe
It takes courage to grow up and become who you really are. ― E.E. Cummings
Too many of us are not living our dreams because we are living our fears. – Les Brown
The greatest test of courage on the earth is to bear defeat without losing heart. – R. G. Ingersoll
We don’t develop courage by being happy every day. We develop it by surviving difficult times and challenging adversity. – Barbara De Angelis
You are strong enough to face it all, even if it doesn’t feel like it right now.
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear, not absence of fear. – Mark Twain
He who is not courageous enough to take risks will accomplish nothing in life. – Muhammad Ali
Everyone has talent. What’s rare is the courage to follow it to the dark places where it leads. ― Erica Jong
Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t. – Rikki Rogers
Your hardest times often lead to the greatest moments of your life. Keep going. Tough situations build strong people in the end. ― Roy T. Bennett
In the beginning there is not much difference between the coward and the courageous person. The only difference is, the coward listens to his fears and follows them, and the courageous person puts them aside and goes ahead. – Osho
You gain strength, courage, and confidence by every experience in which you really stop to look fear in the face. You are able to say to yourself, ‘I lived through this horror. I can take the next thing that comes along. – Eleanor Roosevelt
Only those who will risk going too far can possibly find out how far one can go. – T. S. Eliot
Staying positive does not mean that things will turn out okay. Rather it is knowing that YOU will be okay no matter how things turn out. – unknown
Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can’t practice any other virtue consistently. ― Maya Angelou
Confront the dark parts of yourself, and work to banish them with illumination and forgiveness. Your willingness to wrestle with your demons will cause your angels to sing. ― August Wilson
Our deepest fear is not that we are inadequate. Our deepest fear is that we are powerful beyond measure. It is our light, not our darkness, that most frightens us. We ask ourselves, ‘Who am I to be brilliant, gorgeous, talented, fabulous?’ Actually, who are you not to be? – Marianne Williamson
It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort. And when you implement that effort into your life… every single day, that’s where transformation happens. That’s how change occurs. Keep going, remember why you started.
You must face your fears and limiting beliefs head-on to develop your self-belief. – Richard Parkes Cordock